doc/allinone.md, before:

# All in One with Neutron

Note: Default operating system is Ubuntu. If you would like CentOS, set env var REPO_OS=centos7

## Networking setup

Changes need to be made to the allinone.rb file.

### Device interface

The device interface must be is specified by name in the aio-neutron.rb file.
There is one place to change, look for `bridge: [....]`.  If your interface is not in the list, add it.
This is because of OVS needing to slurp up an adapter for internet access.

Note: To see a list of virtualbox network interface names use:
    `$ vboxmanage list bridgedifs`

+ For Windows 7, open the Control Panel, Network and Internet, Network Connections.  Look in the Connectivity column for a row with "Internet access", and use the "Device Name". For example, `'Intel(R) Centrino(R) Advanced-N 6205'`.
+ For Mac, this works from some: `'en0: Wi-Fi (AirPort)'`, but there is an issue with VirtualBox and the Airport. You should look into using an Ethernet adaptor and something like: `'en3: Ethernet'`
+ For Linux, ...TODO...

Commit message:

improve docs and user experience for setting vagrant bridge
bridge interface can now be overriden using an environment variable
but will try common interface names if not entered.

Change-Id: I11cbac1044dc493ba20a8ae7fb300545c12df73f

doc/allinone.md, after:

# All in One with Neutron

Note: Default operating system is Ubuntu. If you would like CentOS, set env var REPO_OS=centos7

## Networking setup

Changes need to be made to the allinone.rb file.

### Device interface

OVS needs to bridge in an adaptor for internet access. An attempt
has been made to work out of the box, however it is quite probable
you'll need to specify the bridge to use. You can set the environment
variable `OS_BRIDGE` before running the vagrant command to set it. 

For example on my Ubuntu laptop I run `export OS_BRIDGE=eth0` before
running the rake commands.

Note: To see a list of virtualbox network interface names use:
    `$ vboxmanage list bridgedifs`

+ For Windows 7, open the Control Panel, Network and Internet, Network Connections.  Look in the Connectivity column for a row with "Internet access", and use the "Device Name". For example, `'Intel(R) Centrino(R) Advanced-N 6205'`.
+ For Mac, this works from some: `'en0: Wi-Fi (AirPort)'`, but there is an issue with VirtualBox and the Airport. You should look into using an Ethernet adaptor and something like: `'en3: Ethernet'`
+ For Linux, ...TODO...
